Previously on "Imposters"...
Patrick's in the FBI. I followed him,
and then I saw Gina and
Auntie what's-her-face
with their badges dressed
like legit FBI agents.
- It's complicated.
- Or maybe... not complicated.
I slept with Gina.
You bedded an undercover agent?
- That's a saffron.
- Max is telling this story
about this chick he was in love with
and how she betrayed him
and he had to give her up.
He said what? Max and I are going
to teach you everything
you need to know,
and then we take Patrick,
we pay off the Doctor,
and the FBI doesn't
even know what happened.
Let me see the art piece.
I switch out the real money
with the fake money. Voilà.
- What do you need?
- Answers.
Don't try to know me, Ezra.
It ain't worth it.
- What's your angle?
- Immunity.
I get you the Doctor,
you get me someplace new
to start over. Max, my right-hand man,
you have to leave him
alone for this to play out.
Maddie tells the Doctor they
found the missing money,
he comes to claim it.
Once he takes the bait,
we've got our man.
This isn't over yet, Max.
I need you to keep up the good work.
Well, of course, Doctor.
I'm your eyes and ears.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the Doctor is in.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Test, test, test.
Read you loud and clear.
Maddie.
Maddie!
Maddie, breakfast!
Let's go.
Morning.
Morning, sweetheart.
Maddie, I need you straight
home from school today.
Your cousin Danny's
coming for the weekend
and I want you to let him in.
But I have a plan with Kelly...
No buts. 3:30 sharp.
Last time Danny was here,
he locked me in the closet for an hour
until I agreed to be his
servant for the rest of the day.
That's not true.
Why do you always exaggerate?
- Dad.
- You were little kids.
He's a very impressive young man.
An all-state wrestler,
he's got a big meet
down in Lancaster this weekend.
But I made this plan, it's imp...
I know, sweetheart.
Now, please, eat your breakfast.
Okay? Most important meal of the day.
You're always bugging me about
doing something together,
so I invite you to hang out after school
and then you ditch me.
I'm really sorry. It's ju...
Forget about your stupid cousin.
He can wait on the porch.
Maddie's a good girl.
She'd never do that.
Would you, Maddie?
I kind of promised my dad.
She promised her dad.
One day you'll have some fun,
Maddie Jonson.
Just not with me.
Who is it?
Ezra.
Come in.
You just getting here? You're late.
For what? Wait.
- Are you getting married today?
- Ha, ha, very funny.
- Did you need something?
- Just checking in.
Wishing you luck.
Luck's got nothing to do with it.
Don't worry. All will be well.
Unless, of course,
you're playing us... again.
Playing me again.
What do you want from me, Ezra?
You know what?
I don't even know anymore.
Would you do me up?
Sure.
My name's Maddie Jonson. No H in Jonson.
I work for a man named the Doctor.
I grew up in Pottsville, Pennsylvania,
and my first con was
my second cousin, Danny.
I was sitting on my bed wishing
I could be somewhere else,
could be someone else.
And then... I just tried it.
Hey, Danny. What's up?
- You are?
- I'm Nikki.
Maddie had some shit to do after school
and asked me to meet you.
Come on in.
Hey, Nikki.
And he believed me.
Just like that.
You're just, stealing their beers?
What are they gonna do...
ground me?
I don't even live here.
Ballsy.
If you think that's ballsy,
your life must be pretty boring.
All right. Give me that beer.
So wrestling is kind of gay, right?
What? No.
That's such a ignorant stereotype.
Wrestling's one of the oldest,
most respected s...
Right, all those Greek
boys rolling around in the mud.
Come on, that's idiotic.
You got a mouth on you, don't you?
Yeah.
So show me a wrestling move.
'Cause I just don't get it.
Not so easy, is it?
It's not so easy.
But not impossible.
Yeah?
But now what're you gonna do?
Holy shit.
Okay, so you've done this before, right?
Does it matter?
Not really.
Pottsville is a lot
different than I remember it.
Must seem pretty boring
after Philadelphia?
I don't know.
The more experienced I get,
the more I realize, you know,
I don't know everything.
- True.
- Well said, well said.
Maddie, dinner's ready.
Sorry. Finishing some math stuff.
Hi, Danny!
I'm sorry I wasn't here to let you in.
- Nikki said you were so nice.
- I thought I said 3:30 sharp.
- And who is Nikki?
- A new friend.
She helped me out.
She said you guys talked
about wrestling a lot.
You even showed her some moves?
Thanks, Mom. I'm totally famished.
And in that moment I knew.
I could be whoever I wanted to be
whenever I wanted to be,
and for the first time, I felt free.
You okay? Eat up.
- Yeah.
- You're gonna need your energy.
And that was the first con.
First of many.
You know, you could have
just become an actress.
Not the same thing.
I was kidding.
I don't really care anymore
about how you became you.
Really? I thought you wanted the truth.
I know the truth.
I know what really gets you off
about being on the con.
Yeah?
Tell me.
See you in the game, Maddie.
- Right down this way, please.
- You got it.
There we go. Thank you.
Good morning, ma'am.
Can I help you with that?
Do I look like I need help?
Just make sure nobody
gets too close to my car.
Yes, ma'am.
What a handsome young man,
but that moustache is not flattering.
Bride or groom?
Great. Gift room's just over there.
Thank you.
Bride or groom?
- Definitely groom.
- If that's a present,
the gift room is just over... nope.
Okay.
So, how we doing?
- I'm amazing.
- I'm guessing this has to be
pretty messed up for you.
Well, you're the one
marrying the woman you love
even though you know
it's total bullshit.
Pretty messed up for the both of us.
- Morning, bride or groom?
- Bride.
Who are all these people?
We hired some background artists.
Try to make it look
legit for the Doctor.
What? Like movie extras.
Good lord. Even fake weddings
are full of ridiculous little games.
Hey.
Hey, listen. I'm really sorry
that we didn't get to talk last night.
It's just, you know,
with my aunt and Ezra,
it's just kind of...
Complicated?
Thought maybe you were avoiding me.
- Which I un... totally understand.
- No, no, no, no.
It was just... it was complicated.
It was just...
I mean, it's wh... like you said.
Wow. It really came together.
Don't sound surprised.
You never even saw it.
I know, but it just kind of...
I mean, you just
really seemed to capture something
about this whole crazy wedding.
Thank you.
All kinds of fun surprises on this case.
- I should go.
- Of course.
See if Patrick needs help with anything.
Yeah, see ya.
See ya.
Is he here yet?
No.
Don't worry. He'll be here.
All right.
Morning, sir.
If you'd like to go ahead and just park
next to that cone over there.
It's a special spot
I have waiting just for you.
Thank you, my man.
Bride or groom?
Definitely bride.
That's him.
There you are.
Well done.
Consider it my wedding present to you,
darling dearest.
That's sweet.
All right, it's about that time.
- Let's work.
- Enjoy the show.
We are gathered here today
to join this woman, Saffron Keyes,
and this man, Patrick Campbell,
in holy matrimony.
It is a blessed way of life
that all should hold in reverence
and none should take lightly.
A covenant by which two people establish
between themselves a partnership
for the whole of life,
based on love, devotion, and trust.
And interruptions.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
A good partnership can handle
an annoying interruption.
There we go.
Come on. Okay.
Come on. Shh, shh, shh, shh.
- Everything okay here?
- Yes.
Yeah, these new models
are sensitive to changes
in the barometric st... and whatnot,
but, yeah,
reset itself, so all clear.
Dig the moustache.
Very cool.
Thank you.
What a miracle
when two people find
each other in this world,
when seemingly from nothing,
love sprouts like a little seedling
stretching for the sun.
So what is your real name anyways?
It's actually Patrick.
Not Campbell, though, right?
So many questions, so few answers,
and you thought I was
hard to get to know.
Isn't it all so incredible?
Well, I think so.
An exhilarating affirmation
of both our faith and
our common humanity.
Well, time to get down
to the business at hand.
If anyone present knows a reason
why Saffron and Patrick
may not lawfully marry,
they must declare it now or
forever hold their peace.
Will you,
Saffron Keyes,
give yourself to this man,
Patrick Campbell,
to be his wife,
to love and comfort him,
honor and protect him,
so long as you both shall live?
I will.
And will you, Patrick Campbell,
give yourself to this woman,
Saffron Keyes,
to be her husband,
to love and comfort her,
to honor and protect her,
so long as you both shall live?
- I surely will.
- Wonderful.
And so, by the power vested in me
by the State of Washington,
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
- Vodka rocks.
- Thank you so much for coming.
I think I forgot to tell you
how beautiful you look today.
Truly.
Thank you so much for being here.
Thank you for coming.
And I think I forgot to ask you
if you were married...
to someone other than me that is.
- Hi.
- Congratulations.
Thank you so much for being here.
Interesting.
Auntie!
Hi! Thank you so much for being here
on our special day.
Laying it on thick, aren't you?
Well, the Doctor expects
me to put on a good show.
He also likes you to pick out
stupid-ass names too?
Auntie, what a special...
Spare me.
What about kids?
Hello, thank you so much for being here.
I didn't say I was married.
Didn't say you weren't.
Squabbling already?
Hi.
You know, of all my nieces and nephews,
- Saffron was always my favorite.
- Aww.
Honey, this is my uncle, Albert.
Wow. Heard a lot about you.
We're glad you could make it.
Treat her well.
Or else you'll have to answer to me,
and that's not something
you want on your calendar.
Well, I think I can handle you,
Uncle Albert.
Good choice. I like him.
Well, I'll see you on the dance floor.
Yes, you will.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Appreciate it.
- Thank you for coming.
- It was beautiful though.
- Gina.
- It was...
- There's a bogey
in the money room.
Your old friend is back.
- Copy that.
- You good?
I gotta check on something.
I always hated weddings.
Not the Cinderella/
Prince Charming type?
Exactly.
I always liked those
little birds that helped
with the laundry though.
Hey, come here.
Sorry I was weird before.
I just... don't know what we're doing,
and I mean,
I don't wanna get you in trouble
with your boyfriend.
Well, I don't wanna get you
in trouble with your Auntie.
- No, she's harmless.
- Sure about that?
I am sure about that.
Gina, what's going on?
- Gina, you have a fire.
- My God!
Shit, is this part of your art?
- No, shit!
- Secure the money!
Go get something, quick.
Just get something!
- Jesus!
- Shit.
- Okay, hold on, hold on!
- Hold on?
Gina, I can't see anything.
Do something about this fire.
Gina, where are you?
She's headed for the briefcase.
Where the hell'd you go?
I got it, I got it! Look out!
My God!
My God, you're ruining it!
You're ruining it!
It's out, it's done.
We're okay.
Where's the briefcase?
I'm really sorry.
It was just... it was...
it was on fire.
Hey... hey, maybe it's cool like this.
I mean, maybe Patrick and Saffron are...
water signs.
No. You ruined it.
It's ruined.
What can I say?
Ever since I was a little girl,
I always dreamed about it.
A traditional wedding.
Well, you only get married once.
Knock on wood.
So what do you think
of your new brother-in-law?
We're still getting to know each other.
Excuse me.
I know how you feel. In my family,
we call them the out-laws,
not the in-laws.
- Right.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- You got a sec?
Yeah, sure. What is it?
Not here. Come on.
- Okay...
- No, don't to...
- Just don't touch it!
- All right, I just wanna
help you get it to the...
Okay, are you sure
that you have to throw this out?
- I mean, maybe we can...
- I don't want to talk about it!
I'm sorry.
So what...
so does destroying your art...
What, does it like disqualify
me from being with you again?
I liked our lunch...
And our after lunch a lot.
I'm just really not in a place
- to trust my feelings right now.
- What does that mean?
That means no one ever seems
to be who they say they are.
Everyone is hiding something
or pretending to be
something they're not.
Are you talking about Ezra?
No, I mean everyone. Including me.
It's just all one big projection.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
Okay.
I need you to be someone,
so I pretend to be the person
I think you need me to be
so hopefully you're
willing to be the person
I think I need you to be.
But what if what I think I need
isn't what I actually need? Then what?
Maybe you should just
go with what you want.
But what if I don't even know...
- Do you want that?
- Pretty sure I do, yeah.
So maybe it is just that simple.
Maybe.
Or maybe not.
So what is it?
We weren't supposed
to leave the reception
until after 2:00. That was the plan.
I know.
How you doing, Ez?
That's it?
Yeah, I'm fine. You?
- Great.
Great.
I wanna hear you say it.
That thing you were
about to say earlier.
The thing that really gets me off.
It really doesn't matter.
I wanna hear it.
Okay.
When you left me,
I was finally forced out
of my safe little bubble
and I had to become a different...
version of me.
Are you thanking me for
turning you into a con man?
No, you didn't turn me into anything.
We hit the road,
we were living on the grift,
and, yeah, it was kind of amazing,
and I thought...
"Yeah, this is what gets Maddie off.
This... this rush,
this is the feeling she lives for."
And then I found you and I
realized I was way wrong.
It's not the con that gets you off.
What is it then?
Being loved by someone,
but not having to love them back.
Getting in deep,
but not having to stick around.
I mean, come on.
You almost got to love Patrick.
You almost got to love me.
Bullshit.
You're not tortured.
You're just scared.
- I'm scared?
- Petrified.
Because in real life,
if you want to feel something,
you have to go all the way,
and some people are just
not cut out for that.
You really wanna know what I think?
No matter what you do, where you go,
who you con, who you become,
end of the day,
you're just that same little girl
sitting in her room
in Pottsville
pretending.
You don't know me.
No?
He's on the move.
The Doctor's on the move.
Stand by for the money grab.
All right.
Okay.
Come on.
- Almost there.
- I see it, I see it.
Here we go.
What's he doing? Where's he going?
- I d... he didn't take the money.
- I can see that.
What do we do now?
We go after him, right?
No, we cannot do anything
until he picks it up.
The Doctor's left the building.
Shit!
He didn't take the briefcase?
He just walked off.
All set, Doctor.
You did good, kiddo.
I'll see you at the rendezvous.
- See you there.
- Yep.
Send three teams to follow his car
until I say make a move.
I'll find Maddie and find out
what the hell is going on.
Copy that.
All right, all agents,
it's time to mount up.
Follow the Doctor.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Go, go.
What's going on?
Every car is dead? Are you kidding me?
It's dead. Look.
Where's the valet guy?
What's going on? It's dead!
Yeah, it won't start. It's dead.
Let's go! What're you doing?
I don't know. It's not working.
Please don't tell me
these cars are dead.
What the hell are you doing, man?
- Keeping an eye on the mark.
- Why is the Doctor leaving
- without the money?
- What?
We are officially in
uncharted territory.
- Our deal is off.
- Hey, what deal?
- I thought we had a deal.
- Shut your mouth.
You're going to jail if
this is some kind of...
Wait, did you play me?
I don't believe it. You played me?
Ezra, I suggest you calm down.
You are interfering...
So I kissed your wife.
Well, you know what?
- She used to be my wife.
- Just shut your mouth.
Ezra, I have you, and I have Maddie too.
- Don't play with me.
- Really?
You sure about that?
- Shit.
- Where you going?
Get the f... out of my way.
Shit.
Maddie! Don't do this!
This is Agent Simons. Arrest the Doctor.
I don't care if he's got the
money or not... just stop him.
Maddie's on a boat headed southeast.
Have Seattle PD check
every dock and marina
on the southeast side...
He's driving a black Cadillac CTS,
Washington plates.
Suspect is, bald,
wearing glasses, dark suit.
- They're on the way.
- Order 12... I don't care!
Just get us the hell out of here!
Agent Simons!
Simons!
It absolutely has to be back by 6:30
- for Seniors Bingo.
- Seniors Bingo.
Got it!
Just get to the highway interchange.
Seattle PD's looking for his car.
They're gonna let us
know which way to go.
Damn weddings.
What's that?
Hello, Patrick.
This must be very confusing for you.
We had a deal.
I even signed a contract.
But a lot of people make promises
they never intend to keep,
right?
There's really no easy way to say this,
so here it is.
Patrick, you are never
going to catch me.
You're never gonna find me.
In fact, you will never see me again.
You're gonna ask yourself many
questions in the days ahead.
You'll replay every moment
we shared together.
This work can mess with
your head and you heart.
Wondering how did you let this happen?
- Yeah, cheers, bro.
- Game time.
What clues did you miss?
- I got you.
- You have a deal.
What could you have done differently?
I talked to the Doctor today.
He's coming.
He's gonna be at the
wedding to get his money.
You know, of all my nieces and nephews,
Saffron was always my favorite.
You'll feel many different emotions...
anger...
humiliation... doubt.
But really, the sooner you accept it,
the better it is for everyone.
Although something tells me,
all you're gonna be thinking
about is trying to find me.
Roll it down. Hands on the wheel.
Real slow now. License and registration.
Everything all right, officer?
Sorry there, sir. Have a nice day.
I most certainly will.
Hey, have you seen
a woman in a wedding dress?
I don't know.
Are one of you cuties the groom?
You know, I used to think
we were the same,
you and I, in a way.
Maybe that's why I started
to feel how I felt about you.
Maybe that's why I thought
you might actually want
to run away together.
You know, like we talked about.
But then I ultimately realized
this was just a game for you.
So what I needed from you...
I took.
Good-bye, Patrick.
I wish you luck.
You're gonna need it.
Wow.
Play it again.
- Thanks a lot, man.
- Thank you.
It has to be said,
- that was...
- Awesome.
- Totally...
- Completely.
Awesome.
Although, seeing her
walk down that aisle again...
Yeah, that was... something.
Yeah. Does anybody else feel
like no matter what we do,
where we go, we'll always
be married to that woman?
Till death do us part.
What time does the bus leave?
40 minutes.
I'll get the tickets?
Yeah. Get five, all right?
Five tickets. Got it.
I'm gonna open this suitcase now,
and you'd better pray all the
government's money is inside.
Maddie, the bumblers
are at the bus station.
I have the case.
Get the ring and get to
the rendezvous point, okay?
Let's get rid of these
amateurs once and for all.
I don't get it.
What the hell is going on?
_
Agent, would you please tell me
where that ridiculously expensive ring
that you gave that woman is?
It's safe. I promise you.
She may be in the wind,
but we have the money...
and the ring is safe.
Your attention, please.
Bus 43 to San Francisco
will be arriving in 30 minutes.
43 to San Francisco in 30 minutes.
Bus 533 to...
- F... it.
- Leaving in 10 minutes.
Now boarding, bus 124 to...
The Seattle Department of Transportation
did submit recommendations
for a traffic plan
to a spokesperson,
they were unaware of the actual result.
The crash on Monday that shut
down I-5 for about eight hours
and forced drivers onto surface streets
was a frustrating reminder
of just how close Seattle is
to complete gridlock on a daily basis.
Today felt so good.
We really did something...
and we did it all for her. Again.
Again, again, again.
Not me. I did it for us.
- For us right here.
- Richie, really?
That's what I'm telling
myself in this moment.
So, yeah, let's just go with it.
- Gotcha.
- Okay, yeah, sounds good, man.
Yeah.
This is on me, guys.
I thought...
I really believed her.
I always believe her. We all do.
Because we want to.
I don't think she was
ever planning on coming.
I think her plan was to take
the money and the ring herself
- and cut us loose.
- Could she really be so...
Smart play, right?
Money, ring, cut us loose.
What'd we expect?
Leopard can't change its pants.
Um, yeah, I'm pretty sure it's...
Right, and she always wanted to be free.
Hey, so did we.
- And we're free?
- You're free of Alice.
Hey, you did all of this without
an ounce of help from Alice.
Think about that.
A moderately powerful storm was...
Look, here's the thing, guys.
We have actually gotten
pretty good at this, you know?
Man, I have always been good at this.
Remember when I showed up at your house
with that FBI badge
and totally fooled you?
Yeah, yeah,
and I saw right through your ruse
- and punched you in the face?
- You mean you sucker punched me
after I pinned your ass to the ground.
Well, yeah.
Well, you insulted my... our wife.
- What do you expect?
- Yeah, and remember
when I made more money than
you mooks did in two weeks
by throwing myself in front of a car?
Do you remember that?
- Doesn't really ring any bells.
- No, I don't remember...!
- That was pretty good.
- Yeah, that was pretty good.
So, you know, I just...
I don't know, guys.
I just got a feeling.
I think we're gonna be okay.
- I don't feel okay.
- Yeah, I'm not sure I buy that.
Why are you smiling like an idiot?
What?
Dude, there's something on your...
- Wait, no, no, wait, wait...
- Is it... where... it's in my hair?
- What is it?
- I got it.
My God. My God!
Shh!
- How?
- How did you...
What did you do?
I... got an early start on the day.
While everyone was heading to church,
I went to Patrick's house
and did a little exploring.
My God, you fool them all!
The frigging FBI, Maddie, Max...
Crazy genius.
Okay, you know what?
You deserve to wear this.
- Really, you sure?
- Yep, it suits you.
Thank you, it means a lot.
Ladies and gentleman,
we are about to depart.
Next stop, Tacoma.
Last stop, San Francisco.
Always forward.
Never back.
No, no, I'm not asking for excuses.
Just answer the question.
Why am I here?
Because I'm not doing my job.
Because you're not doing your job.
Excuse me.
I gotta take this. It's the office.
What's up, Doc?
It seems we have a situation in Seattle.
- Really?
- The wedding didn't go as planned.
The FBI was on the guest list.
- Really?
- Total cluster f...
I completely understand your concern.
You need to find Max and
Maddie before the feds do.
Yes, I will.
And those three imposters too.
Right away.
What can I say?
It's your lucky day.
Synced and corrected by sot26 -
www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org